## Data Structure

`/data_dialogues` contains data pertaining to full dialogues. This data is used by both models. The `data_dialogues/BIO` directory contains utterances found in full dialogues, formatted for import into the LSTM utterance model. `pairs.jsonl` contains the raw data pertaining to relationships imported into the miniLM readback model. `readbacks_test.json` and `readbacks_train.json` are the test and train sets generated by `dialogues.ipynb`.

`/data_utterances` contains data pertaining to indivudal utterances, without connection to any dialogues. This data is used by only the LSTM model. `test.json` and `train.json` are the test and train sets generated by `lstm.ipynb`.

`/data_raw` contains raw data prior to being labeled.

`/notebooks` contains the two notebooks used to build the models: `lstm.ipynb` contains the LSTM for utterance slot-filling. `dialogues.ipynb` contains the miniLM model for readback relationship classification.

`/app` contains the demo CLI

## Running a Notebook or Demo CLI

With Anaconda or Miniconda installed...

```bash
conda env create -f environment.yml

conda activate atc-nlp-cuda

# Open `dialogues.ipynb` or `lstm.ipynb`
jupyter notebook

# Or run the demo CLI:
cd app/cli
python atc_cli.py
# The models will take some time to load
```

## Preparing Data for Model

Export from Label Studio in `JSON` format. Copy and paste contents of export in one of two files: `data_utterances\labelstudio_to_model.py` or `data_dialogues\labelstudio_to_model.py` depending on which data. Then run the cooresponding `.\labelstudio_to_model.py`. JSON file(s) to be imported into the
model will be created in respective folders.